Adding a link to an example to turn off Cortana (#8171)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/rooms-manage.md

At the device level, you can configure Cortana to be activated for:
- _Push to talk_ using PowerShell  
  - How to turn it on: Cortana _Push to talk_ is enabled by default for all devices that are set up with locale en-us regardless of the geographic region

>   - How to turn it off: use Powershell. [Learn More](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/set-csteamscortanapolicy?view=skype-ps#example-1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How to turn it off: use Powershell. To learn more, see [this example](/powershell/module/skype/set-csteamscortanapolicy?view=skype-ps#example-1).
```
